is this going to make B2B apps an order
of magnitude cheaper what's the impact I
think the impact is your gross margins
are so much better than they used to be
right like the second biggest cost for
AI enabled SAS applications has been
inference and when we were looking like
a typical software companies probably at
75% gross margin lot AI software
application companies are like zero to
30% and now their single biggest cost
has been reduced by 95% overnight and
they didn't have to do a thing so
now they now now they have ai and you
Jason you and I both know this like the
growth rates of AI companies are much
faster than say the classic SAS
businesses just because there's so them
and so now you have companies that are
growing one to seven or some massive
growth rate before they used to have
challenging gross margins and now
they'll probably look the same as SAS
companies which means you have pretty
significant multiple and valuation
expansion yeah so I think it's at the
application layer this is like an
unbelievable Christmas present that that
came on January 22nd thank you thanks
for joining our digital AI day for
2025 we did this last year and with the
goal of really doing a deep dive at the
intersection of AI and
B2B and luckily for our kickoff today
we've got two folks joining us just to
have a discussion on what's literally
going on today and I think it's some
ways it's so I can't even keep up we'll
talk a little bit about deep I can't
even keep up after deep seeking
everything it felt like a year ago was
insane we've got Victor rabell from Co
of Synthesia we'll talk we'll first do a
little bit of a deep dive there
Synthesia just raised a big round at two
and a half billion or something like
that you got to keep up with with open
Ai and that's like a seed round these
days but pretty impressive we'll dig in
a second but Victor has been at the
intersection of AI and B2B and
Enterprise doing AI based video and
training for Enterprises so no one's
been thinking about the intersection of
the two probably more and Victor was
with us in sass Europa in London last
summer and I'm going to ask him what's
changed and obviously we all know Tas
tungus from now Theory ventures in the
last 14 months he's raised just only 900
million dollar or something across two
funds in 14 months or something like
that is that about right a little less
than that closer to 700 but okay the
paces picked up for AI investors it used
to be that like 60 million was a lot for
a first-time fund 50 million now guys
like to now granted not a new investor
but a new fund can raise like
approaching a billion dollars in 24
months to invest in Ai and data honestly
it is a derivative of what's changing
isn't it but check sizes are up lead
check sizes are up 42% in 18 months yeah
so I want to dig into that but I can't
think of anyone to talk about right now
the intersection and I want to go into
some of the data with Tomas but before
we get there
Victor get us up to speed so you've been
doing give me a deep dive on Synthesia
and where it wins but if roughly
speaking you've got hundreds of
relatively larger customers using your
AI training here's you yourself on the
screen right you using your own product
doing in many cases nuts and bolts B2B
activities right corporate training
sales training external on websites
internal skos which we thought we
wouldn't need any salespeople with with
AI it turns out we need more than ever
but you're at the at the intersection of
an area that is competitive right
there's a there's more than one vendor
doing video and Enterprise you're on one
side of the other of nine figure in
Revenue monetizing this so get us up to
speed on what you do
today and actually would be interesting
to me is like with all the change what
are you most excited about that you're
going to release this year yeah thanks
for for having me
today we're the largest AI video
platform for the Enterprise right and
four years ago that all started with
Avatar so most the builders are familiar
with probably think of be being like the
Avatar company when invent this
technology when instead of recording
yourself with a camera you simply create
an avatar of yourself or use one of our
kind of off the-shelf avatars you type
out something and boom magic video comes
out which obviously is a 100 times more
efficient than having to record yourself
and giv you all that the benefits you go
back and edit it after the fact you can
translate into different languages and a
whole bunch of other really cool things
and where we've gotten to today is that
is still for sure a very important
headline feature of sesia but really we
are on AI video platform today and we
help our customers predominantly in the
enterprise we also have a free model
self-service motion but been surpris
what we're focusing on communicating
better and that could be with our
employees could be with customers could
be with Partners in 2024 people want to
consume their content in video or audio
format they do not want to read anymore
right there's a lot of tech entprise
it's true what you very successful at
doing is building um video tool right
which has Avatar as a component as AI
boes as a component as an AI screen
recorder as a component but everything
is put into this canva PowerPoint style
flow right and so reason you're growing
so fast is because what we essentially
have done is we've enabled any white
collar office worker who knows how to
make a PowerPoint to make a video right
before eia you have to go to the video
production Department with your idea
they would just rank it against 10 other
ideas they'd say no Jason your idea is
not important enough we'll do what the
marget team wants to do and you have to
go through all that stuff right if you
did get man to get a video through and
you're doing customer support then one
month after you've made 20 beautiful
customer support videos they're all out
of date because you Chang the product
name the policies they're all out of
date their friend everything's out of
date right and that's a horrible thing
to change but with this new uh platform
that we've buil right you can just go
back and edit it after the fact which is
incredibly powerful and so I think what
we've grabed graduated from over the
last four years right as being the
training company with avatars now being
the Enterprise video platform that's
what we're building and the way we think
of that is if you look at the video
value chain no one has ever managed to
build a really big company about
Enterprise video and we think the reason
for that is that the value chain has
been completely disjointed right you
have a camera where you shoot some
content with you go to Adobe to edit it
you go to frame.io to collaborate on it
you'd go to Vimeo to then publish that
content I maybe YouTube depending on
what your goals are and what we've done
is we've collapsed all that into one
platform give you all the tools to make
the videos and it's so easy that anyone
can do it it's a full modern
collaborative platform right it's a
Content management system where you can
have teams and organizations and your
CEO is happy because we have audit love
all the sort of stuff you need right
it's collaborative and you can translate
update the content then we also give you
a publishing platform which is a
relatively new product for us it gives
you a video player we can deliver the
content to your end users that's
exciting because when we owe that entire
video value chain we can year begin to
do a lot of things you couldn't do if we
hadn't bundled it for example we can
begin to use the engagement data of the
videos to automatically create new
versions of the video that perform
better than the previous one we can make
your videos interactive by directional
communication which of course is think
of have ai agents right but you can it's
not just a video that goes plays from A
to B it's like an experience it's like a
small app almost you can right with so
really what's exciting here is is the
future of communication which I think
you look at people's private lives
everybody listens to podcast and what
Tik Tok videos and YouTube videos but
when we go to work did the buying
process in as a customer I you're
receiving support somewhere all that
stuff's T we helping customers and we
helping Enterprise essentially up L the
communications which which drives all
sorts of different business outcomes
depending on our customers so you're
saying that folks that have blogged for
a while like Tomas and I were just it's
dead like there like we just we should
just it's it's over it's it's distant
past time to hang it up there actually
are many bloggers left okay one quick
question on this and then then we can
dig in a little bit in into today and I
want let's use your round in a second as
a case study let's use it with toas but
what is some with the latest models
latest everything we can talk about deep
seek for a moment in the next what's
something you're excited that you can do
this year in an upcoming release that
maybe you couldn't even do last year
what is something literally that's at
the bleeding edge that you're doing for
real in the
Enterprise so we're launching our new a
models within the next 3 to six month
and they have a massive upgrade both in
terms of quality and Fidelity of the
Avatar so those of you who tried the
product will probably have experienced
the avatars are great they're lot better
the last 12 to 18 months than they
previous to that but there's still some
way to go before it's completely photo
real right we got a pass through that
barrier and we're also done a you to
basically promp your avatar into new
environment for example if you create an
avatar for yourself today you're stuck
wherever you would call it your avatar
in your office for example what you can
do with this new tech is you can say hey
put me in the jungle put me in the
supermarket put me like I'm playing
tennis or something like that that opes
up an entirely new creative dimension in
the product and so those two things
together have always been one of the
core mechanisms of of suia right the
better the quality of the avatars and
voices the more T we unlock so a lot of
people laughed that us four years ago
for going out the training market and
because it's not a very sexy Market VCS
hate Learning and Development I get it
but I get it maybe didn't sound like the
hottest face right we get it but a
midsize Market in all fairness right
even it's midsized right classically I
think more importantly than that you
could get to double digit AR just
serving that market and the thing that
we I think saw that are with there so
many graveyard competitors that have
died around us over the last eight years
was that we focused on a use case where
the technology was actually good enough
not where we could dream it to be one
day but do doing all sorts of cool
marketing and sales content it worked
well for training because the
alternative to training was a boring PDF
document and so what we've seen over the
last couple of years about is that the
better the Avatar quality comes the
bigger the tan get so the last 12 to 18
months we've seen a massive shift
towards product marketing with customer
support which collectively those two are
now actually the biggest uh segments
that we serve and that's purely because
the quality of the Avatar have gotten
better and better we're not making like
we're not making Super Bowl ads and key
brand moments but make a lot of tactical
marketing content right you see the cool
ad on on meta YouTube whatever you click
to the website and then once you're on
the website then you learn more about
the product with some easier videos and
we could just move further and further
up that f the better the quality of
theat so the further you leave The
Uncanny Valley the customers can see it
and you're see more Market Pole
right yeah cool all right I want to dig
into that a little bit more but before
we do just because we agenda changed in
a week deep seek right I I saw a lot of
folks talking about this on social media
and X I don't know if you guys did I
want to get both of your opinions but
and listen I'm not an I'm the least
smart person probably of all the folks
that are watching
but I have an AI test and I want to know
what you got It's called The Sopranos
test and I've been running this for a
while okay I'm a basic guy and but I
enjoy writing in the word and I go in
and I ask what happens after Victor do
you watch Sopranos over there in Europe
have you seen the show probably don't
know anyhow famous show in the United
States and it's crazy at the end of the
now I there is a rule I think after 20
years there's no spoilers right I think
that's the rule on Reddit okay so in the
very end the screen goes black and
people have debated this for 20 years
what happens in and so I asked I asked
chat GPT and I asked and I ask every and
I asked Claude And I asked deepy and
deep c one it's the best ending it was
the best ending that doesn't mean that
it gives me my best diagnosis for why my
cholesterol is high or others but that
was my moment where it was pretty
cool for this one use case it it seemed
like instant parodies first toas what
what's your take in general and is this
re it's only been a couple days days
right is this going to make B2B apps an
order of magnitude cheaper what's the
impact I think the impact is gross
margins are so much better than they
used to be right like the second biggest
cost for AI enabled SAS applications has
been inference and when we were looking
like a typical software companies
probably at 75% gross margin lot AI
software application companies are like
0o to 30% and now their single biggest
cost has been reduced by 95% overnight
and they didn't have to do with thing so
now they now now they have ai and you
Jason you and I both know this the
growth rates of AI companies are much
faster than say the classic SAS
businesses just because there's so much
them and so now you have companies that
are growing one to seven or some massive
growth rate before they used to have
challenging gross margins and now
they'll probably look the same as SAS
companies which means you have pretty
significant multiple and valuation
expansion yeah so I think it's at the
application layer this is like an
unbelievable Chris present that that
came on January 22nd I want to share a
story but Victor you will this is your
cogs is your cogs a huge issue and is it
g to plummet or just from the
perspective since Asia is it's not as
big a deal as it sounds for from cogs
and the rest what's your learnings in 48
hours we have great so Madness already
so I wouldn't say it's not something we
like put a lot of of Fus and emphasis to
what but obviously to scale up it's
great I would say though I think I
totally agree with Thomas it's a massive
technical breakthrough I think it's
interes when you look at the market I
think if anything to me this is just the
confirmation that humans and markets are
driven by stories and emotions not
fundamentals right it's absolutely
hilarious to see all the world's Tech
analysts who know nothing about AI just
panicking because it's like a new model
out I think people have a tendency to
overestimate the impact of this in the
short term and maybe underestimated in
the long term I think the long-term tail
effect as Thomas just said for the
application there is huge I think that's
really massive but I think in two months
I think 99.9% of the people who using
anic open eye to is going to go back to
using their products not deep seeks
model and there's a big differentiation
between those two right I tweeted the
other day that smart people talk about
models and benchmarks and customers talk
about app flows apps and and workflows
right and there's such a big difference
of a model that performs better and it's
interesting technically right they have
a big again longterm effect in the
market but but uh but yeah I think this
kind of the panic that's going on right
now I think is pretty funny I don't
think that most people who are using
open the fry today is going to switch
over to deep seek magic de in the next
couple weeks I'll tell you just my and
again I'm the least smart my but my gut
just from my little portfolio little s
of the world is I think cost is less
important in B2B in some cases then that
you can use
more because when I look at a couple
companies one one I invested in the
contact center which is all about AI
agents called gorgeous free Commerce
they're at almost 100 million okay at
first the AI was a million bucks a month
right to deploy these agents now it's
fine they've optimized it and then I was
a small investment at the low end of
video in a company called Opus Pro Opus
clip that Victor probably knows and when
I invested I'm like this company's got
to be burning you're uploading billions
of videos and you're creating clips for
free like this business model can't work
and I look and when I meant oh it's
actually cash La positive right and it
was wildly expensive but as soon as they
made huge commits and optimized what
they're doing and at the corner Maybe
even cut a few Corners not literally
it's a great product but maybe didn't
have to do everything right they don't
render all the videos in real time they
adapted so my thought is a lot of B2B
folks I know I don't think salesforce's
gross margins are going to plummet to
20% because of agent force but we might
be able to make these products in one
year like 10 times better whether it's
the getting rid of the last bit of the
candy Valley or giving agents out for
free I you guys probably know this but
when I talked with Brian hallan the
other day I didn't realize dares right H
spot isn't charging for their agents and
this is a related point I don't know
what you think toas I think what if
everything gets better and cheaper we
just might not be able to justify $2 for
a resolution it might have to be
included you think it'll be bundled
because it's so inexpensive God
hubspot's not sure they can charge Mark
benof is but it's early it's early
customers aren't stupid and I think
we've all gotten ripped off the last two
and a half years with endless price
increases endless price increases and
think another one now you're crappy if
your agents mediocre I ain't going to
pay for it I think it might be a VC
fantasy just like the fact going to
Victor's point just like deep seek has
changed the world in 48 hours it might
be a VC fantasy that every B2B company
can charge 50 to 70% more because of
these additional per resolution charges
I just don't know but I actually think
it might be deflationary in SAS for the
first time it's much more difficult for
incumbents who are adding on AI
functionalities that they need to charge
for to not erod their is essentially
much easier for start who build a
product where it is the product I think
ultimately you don't pay for the models
right you pay for the product and I
think it's just for AG and fall for some
of these big things I think frankly a
lot of them I don't really not sure they
figured out exactly where this stuff is
valuable there's a lot of hey we're
doing like cool things and everyone
agrees that it's cool but does it
actually impact your business whereas I
think some of those smaller AI native
companies I put that category that you
found a very real problem with build
very real business value
and then you know it's built into the
built into our business model already
right but I everything is co-pilot right
you really going to pay a lot more for
copile for your employees like clearly
that seems to not be the case for a lot
of big companies because they just can't
B point value yeah I don't know what do
you think about I just don't I I'm just
trying to learn in real time I don't
know I just don't know in a year if
everyone will be able to charge another
50% for Enterprise applications for
their AI add-ons and agents they may be
forced to especially if the cost goes on
another I don't know exactly how the
economics really work at Deep seek but
if it's really an order of magnitude
cheaper right how long how often can you
charge two bucks for what costs a
fraction of a cent to deliver yeah I
maybe but like software has never been
cost based pricing right twio okay fine
they they stack a margin on top of the
SMS cost to the
underlying stripe okay but like a lot of
apis are cost based but keep going I'm
I'm with you I'm with gain site they're
not marking up AWS store right or
compute so I hear what you're saying I I
think but I I do think the point that
you made at the beginning I completely
agree with which is if deep seek like
models with great reasoning 95% cheaper
yeah software companies will just like
10x for 100x the use and probably keep
the margins the same to get to a much
better user experience as a way of
differentiation right so I think that
the ux our expectations as users for
what these things are going to do are
going to go way up because they become
increasingly sophis iated and if you
play with deep seek I was trying to
create a flow I took the Deep seek paper
the academic paper and I put it in deep
seek and I said create a flowchart for
me of what they did hard read an
academic paper it's spent two and a half
minutes thinking and I was watching it
at first it said okay like the user said
create a single chart but the
experiments actually have three branches
so now I have to decide do I create one
single chart or do I create a chart with
three different branches that like what
back and forth and now I understand okay
well next time I asked it to make it
chart I need to be clear on this point
just the same way that we learn how to
use Google we're learning how to use
these models and this is one of the
first models that narrates the way that
it thinks and I think that way we'll
start to get to more outcomes and then I
think the other question that's really
relevant to this conversation is are we
selling outcomes now in software as
opposed to selling
seats yeah and I don't know the answer
like but the Mantra has been we're
selling outcomes we're selling outcomes
we're selling leads not not SDR seeds
we're selling resolve customer support
cases or videos or or clicks and if that
we do get to that place then I think it
doesn't matter how cheap these things
become because there's some break even
for a customer to use the AI rather than
yes it's funny I I dug up I have a post
coming out up in my que but I dug up I
went back through a bunch of those old
KeyBank SAS studies right and it turns
out going back to the beginning per seat
was less than 50% of SAS Revenue when
you add API price other pricing just
because we think everyone talks about
blah blah blah Salesforce it doesn't
mean it's most of software and so it's
it was like 47% in like 2020 or 2021
okay so I'm not saying it won't it
continue to decline but VC shooting from
the hip on social media saying the seat
is dead the seat was never was at best a
plurality of Revenue and but I wonder I
have just one investment I've made where
the customer was playing in kind of a
hybrid model model right and listen this
is not like the most profound Insight
but it crossed a million bucks that they
were paying very quickly and of course
what happened the next day hey Victor we
love but a billion bucks we we need a
flat R to like no no more of this like
variable C it destroys the Enterprise no
enterpr no matter what and maybe you
guys both have insights Enterprises
still want um visibility there is the
ability to move some budget around there
is ability to take budget a piece but
everyone wants certainty right everyone
want everyone everyone wants Snowflake
as much as they can in their snowflake
spin they want snowflake here right so I
don't know if this is as radical as the
internet wants it to be how do your
customers want to pay Victor do they
want to do they want to pay in brand new
ways or they want to pay in the same way
their grandfather paid for business
sofware we still sell seeg predominantly
I think it depends just a lot of the
product right I think the way to think
about sesia right now is Powerpoint 2.0
right and like PowerPoint is one of
those things where we have thousands of
people using this inside big Enterprises
and and I think that's that's easy to
understand why we're selling seats I
think we all want to sell outcom we are
building kind of more specific workflows
that solve you know redu deflecting
customer support calls to the call
center or increasing in yourself
prospect thing which would build
separately but I think it just m I think
it really just depends a lot on on the
product if it's I think there's probably
a lot of companies who over index on
seeds where it doesn't really make sense
in a Creator tool I think seats make
sense right but a whole bunch of other
types of tools where seats maybe isn't
like the right is is isn't the right
mity yeah I don't know I I want to move
on to fundraising I just my only thought
is for Founders and others I just think
just got it you just I would just be a
little cautious on social media think
because I don't think most business
customers want pricing that is radically
different than their last product right
if I paid this much if I'm paying 300
bucks per month for sales course and I'm
moving to this new version like 200
bucks seems
cheap but you want 83 cents per contact
resolution it's just it's that may add
friction to the sales process right and
there are certain ways and if I'm I
think of everyone that's like Stripes
prices Stripes that I've seen right and
we may if you if and I think we may be
playing spending too many mental
calories and playing too many games on
pricing when we should focus more on
closing customers in a low friction
manner right I think this is over
overdone this issue right I think the
deeper inside here which I I have
confirmed so many times through the last
years is just to not over index and
social media think right of what VC's
want or like what I want as a Founder
like just talk to your customers listen
to what they want help them deliver
awesome value and the rest will take
care of itself but it's a bit like you
know I think with all this like model
stuff it's that most customers don't
really care about models right they buy
products and I think in the tech world
we love talking about Technologies and
whatever it's like agents latest like
hype cycle but when the robber hits the
road eventually you can't just live on
like
bus Grand ideas yeah that that's always
that's a big lesson for me the last
eight years for sure okay I want to
spend just a couple minutes on overall
VC fundraising because I have both of
you right Victor's been at this since
2017 before the buzzwords were cool just
raised what I think it's a real round
right 2.3 billion or whatever was that
sounds like a lot but you're not a 2.3
million in are right you you have't
disclosed I won't ask you but you're on
one side of the other of nine figures in
Revenue like I think they got a good
deal great deal great seriously so to I
stole this chart from eny which stole
half their data from crunch base which
probably got it all out of uh deep seek
and and then uh open AI anyway so we're
all stealing each other's data but this
isn't mine but I like this version of
what we've seen before even though which
is what happened at the end of last year
is money went up right as we can see on
the left which we all saw at least on
Tech runch right but deals
didn't deals went down right A lot of it
was growth focused and half of it was AI
focused but this says to
me if you're in The Hot Zone of
Synthesia and we Victor in a minute you
can tell us what hot is it's the good
it's as good as almost as good as 2021
right maybe it will be better I think
this year but overall deals are down is
this what you're seeing and so does this
mean we're in a real world where the
folks that are saying fundraising is
harder are right and the folks that are
saying it's froth are right is everybody
right I think everybody's right you look
at data bricks raising 15 yeah that's as
big as the Facebook IPO was which was
the largest technology IPO at the time
in 2014 or 2015 whenever it was and they
did that in the private markets right I
raising five billion so there you have
20 billion let's say of that 60 billion
in Q4 going into two companies a third
of the dollars and so it's really like
what what you're seeing here is the
early stage deal counts I think probably
the same the growth stage deal counts
are down in a pretty meaningful way
after 2022 the series B through the D
Market was effectively dead and it
starting to come back if your if your
check sizes are measured in the billions
now to lead to financing you can't
invest in many companies so
for and what's your
pulse for your a and even this is top 1%
or even higher but what's your pulse for
the classic B2B triple triple double
company which was what everyone wanted
to fund in 2021 what's your pulse on
that in 2025 I think it's a it's like a
lower multiple a I think it's like a
very reasonably priced investment but
the deal gets done but they all get done
all the triple double doubles get done
no I don't not even maybe on the margin
depending on the valuation and depending
on the market I think the hard part is
those triple doubles in classic software
there's a lot more competition than
there once was now all of a sudden you
look at a company in a particular space
and the last 10 years we you and I have
funded a lot of those companies and many
of our friends have funded those
companies and so if you're tripling
doubling without AI It's A Hard Sell and
then that's the thing with AI like you
used to have two competitors now you
have
400 I can't even keep track like I can't
even meet with a startup that's free
seed whatever because there four how
many other AI legal in-house litigators
could there be like this was the most
boring category when I invested legal in
2015 now there's a thousand startups
right ER for to be remember that era
Groupon Groupon came out and then there
were a thousand Chinese competitors
within six weeks yeah a few hundred in
the US it's the Groupon era for AI where
one company takes off and then there are
15 to 20 others because you're wrapping
the API
you have a lot of capability out of the
gate and then long-term product
differentiation probably matters less
than go to market
execution yeah the products are
superficially great now right versus
they used to all our products in the old
days the first 18 months were terrible
like they had one cool thing they did
one cool thing everything else was
terrible now these products at least
superficially like you you talk about AI
agents how you know people can't get Roi
from them but superficially all the the
AIS SDR superficially all the products
are great like in a quick driveby every
aiso product's great isn't it the Demo's
amazing Demo's amazing was amazing was
amazing all right Victor what did you on
this slide was this the easiest round to
race it wasn't the easiest round to race
I think at the V that we're in now yeah
it's it's and especially when you have a
really good business which I think we do
not just from amazing Vision great star
but actually numbers customers spend
their contracts like the more data but
you have the more you will get Valu in
those things right I think there's
there's these like very outlier deals
where you're like de in AI or something
and you're like he six Engineers is
absolutely insane and they're going to
change the entire world coding like
boom2 billion valuation you can do that
maybe if you have a really strong Story
and there's like a team and whatever but
I think those are still pretty outlier
my sense from like also speaking to
peers is that when you're raising Pro
rounds now and you know without
Foundation model compan we're very
applied it we definitely evaluated like
a SAS company definitely with some
premium because I think it's a fair
price I think it's a good investment I
think the risk reward in this route is
the best it's ever been I think we raise
the series C that was coming out a lot
of like hype cycle chat gbt had just
dropped everyone was like freaking out
and we were growing super fast and we
were closing a lot of contracts but it
was still to be determined like can we
get to million dollar contracts will
people actually get consistent value out
of this are they just trying it out is
it Innovation budgets all of those
questions were still open but we raised
this round what I think stood out to the
market here was that not only are we
good at closing new logos and closing
new business but we're very good at the
renewals and the expansion right and
ultimately that's where your customers
vote if your product is just a cool demo
of which there's a lot right now or is
it actually something that deres real
business value and my sense from from
from spending time with a lot of
investors right is that a lot of there's
a bit of fatigue very great grw really
quickly you close a lot of contracts yes
but that does necessarily mean that
translates into lasting value there's
this I think there's this weird thing in
AI right now
it's very fear-driven and people are
very willing to Pat ways with their
money both on consumer side but also
businesses to try out new things right
because everyone is scared that their
business is going to completely
disappear because open their ey is going
to kill them next month they're afraid
to lose their job if they don't have an
AI strategy if they don't appear to be
an AI expert reality I think most
Enterprise buyers don't really know what
they need they don't really understand
the technologies that they tried lots of
different things which maybe a sound
tactic right but it means that there's a
lot of this demo budget that's Wasing
around and I think that's one of the
things that stood out to investors in
this round that's interesting how
important durable Revenue was for the
round right that it's
durable is that toas that's another
thing on the VC social media are are
folks still
anxious that so much of this revenue is
discretionary that it's experiment that
it won't stick that it's non-durable to
Victor's point or is that fading is a
concern I still think it's a concern
it's probably not as much of a concern
as it was last year last year by fire
preferences are changing so fat
underlying architectures were changing
the models were changing in a really
meaningful way are we doing search are
we doing rag different kinds of
databases we're trying to figure it out
and as preferences changed you had whole
categories come and go within the span
of a year or 18 months I don't think
we're quite there yet I think where we
are particularly at the application
layer is trying to figure out which AI
agents actually produce value like yeah
how much am I willing to pay for a
notaker right Leslie's notaker just Joy
the waiting room I wonder how much
paying for it's like five bucks 10 bucks
how many do we need 100 no tick her a
friend of mine tweeted he said this is
he attended a meeting this week where
there were more robots than there were
humans and one didn't attend and just
sent their notaker and I don't know if
you've done this but like sometimes I
want to
listen look at this call look at this
call there's at least 20 30 note takers
if you just tries to them but they keep
coming yeah and then you so you you can
attend a meeting virtually whatever
bionically so there yeah so I think the
question is okay how much are you
willing to pay for that will Zoom bundle
it in will Google meet bundle it in and
so is there price erosion there and so
maybe that kind of creates turn but I
don't think there's this like category
cataclysm that maybe we saw in 24 yeah
let me tie this to the last point I want
to give on but this ties to a meta
question I have so one of the questions
last year was is this all
experimentation budget will it fade away
is it durable to Victor's point right
Victor had to prove that he has triple
digit nrr and all the things eventually
all these companies have to converge to
real software companies probably IPO and
everything then where I'm really getting
confused is on agents I'm not confused
about the hype and what they can do and
whether our agents can all talk to our
agents and our agents that's going to be
I think it's exciting right I'm just
wondering how many of these we can pay
for how many of these can and I just
looked this morning J mes from HubSpot
has a little a AI agent he's got a bunch
of things on his network but he's got a
little Marketplace which I'm sure in six
months will be an order of magnitude
larger right he's got 629 agents right
they sales Source charging two bucks but
this was there was one on the bottom
right is the latest data from zyo and
they're all fairly consistent which is
basically over the last year people
didn't add any net apps they didn't add
any net apps to their stack right
whether that means they're actually
adding some but consolidating on their
core apps right I think I should have
known this but Victor I think sasia is a
swap right it's going to be a swap in
some cases right you're going to swap
it's not a total always a new app you
may be swapping out a training app you
may be swapping out part of the Adobe
Empire as you go right it may not but
how many can we I believe that the all
the energy in Venture in startups in YC
in SF is somehow based on this idea
we're going to pay for three to four
times more agents and so we're going to
like triple or quadruple our appstack
can we is it true can and can we process
this many paid agents or is this all a
big VC hype cycle that's going to
implode because we can't pay for 500 of
these agents what do you think first
toas is this does my question make sense
is where I'm confused so I think I think
we see we're seeing consolidation across
the SAS stack where you just have
bundling everywhere like you look at the
sales stack massive consolidation across
yes it's automation so I I I think
you'll see a reduction there I think
people will end up buying agents for
different reasons than they bought
classic software for example we're
investor if you're a large Enterprise
you have 641 apps you probably have some
pretty significant security apparatus
you have another 75 security products
those produce 8,000 alerts less than 1%
of those alerts are reviewed by humans
now law that you have to review all of
them people aren't going to buy
additional five other pieces of software
they'll probably buy a 100 agents and
those agents will do the job of the
humans they're going to pay for each
agent 10 or 20 bucks a month and they're
going to manage them individually the IT
team orever is going to have a whole
another set of 300 agents they have to
manage yeah I think I'm not saying
you're wrong I'm just trying to learn
actually I think that's you think about
like bdr of the future right bdr today
manages one Gmail inbox with Max 40
outbound email maybe they manage two or
three bdr of the future will be managing
40 or 50 Gmail inboxes and I think if
you think about there's a deflation in
the number of seats because now all of a
sudden bdr acceleration I don't need
nearly as many bdrs but the value per
seat goes up in a pretty meaningful way
and so I think maybe what we see is
application count stays flat or maybe
even decreases but the total amount of
software spending increases because
capturing some fraction that labor spend
but are so that that's a I I get that
and I can't predict the future but
aren't if you just think about it from a
oldfashioned Enterprise got to manage X
vendors gotta man Rogue renewals Rogue
increases do I really want an explosion
of five times as many app whether you
call them agents they're still apps from
a procure them an IT process aren't they
yeah still another goddamn thing I got
to evaluate do a security audit do a
cost benefit analysis make sure it
doesn't go Rogue like everyone went
rogue in 2021 and bought 50 sales apps I
is I just feel that the cognitive load
is high the C not for the end user but
for I for the buyer yeah I I think the
successful software applications like
whatever as a salesperson I might have
500 agents Each of which is managing one
lead yeah you could but and so what is
that agent doing it's Gathering the news
and the social media and the podcast and
transcribing it and that's pretty easy
to review I just go through my list
what's the latest with data breaks
what's the latest with Snowflake and
each one of those is an agent so I don't
think the cognitive overhead is huge if
the ux is correct but who pays for it
that I don't think for the I think the
bionic I call it the mech AE but the
bionic SDR I believe is happening fast
right but who's I've never found a
single AE on all of planet Earth or even
our galaxy who will put anything on
their own credit card never found an AE
so the company has to pay I've never
found a single sales rep may maybe in MC
Murdoch station that will pay for their
own sales but they won't they got some
so who's gonna pay for their ad agents
if they're discreet if they're not
bundled into another app right if
they're not part of a platform who's
gonna pay I I think it comes from the
sales you seen the sales budget I don't
know 10 years ago what was the sales
budget parade maybe 250 300 bucks today
exactly I think yeah and and then 2022
what do you think it was 750 800 bucks
Maybe a, yeah it doubled yeah and so
Salesforce is half of that with Einstein
right it's 175 base sales heat 500 to
get with Einstein and so I think you see
some consolidation compression within
the existing sales stack and some of
that budget shifts AI yeah I don't know
I want to tr I I you think about this
much more that this is just a meta worry
for me is that no one's G Enterprises
are going to be fatigued reviewing 200
paid agents not if they're part of my
stack not if they're part of synth Asia
for for Content creation not if they're
part of HubSpot but 200 new vendors is
exhausting what my limited experience
both with my portfolio as a CEO and my
brief experience in a big Enterprise is
there's there's just there's only so
many vendors you can bring in and there
are moments of time like 2020 when the
world ended and there are moments in
time and there are always
experimentation budgets if it's isolated
if it's isolated from risk but when
there's risk I just worry there's that
that
we're not thinking through how we're
going to get these through the cio's
budget right the cio's budget and I also
don't think SBS want to pay for 100
agents on their own I see snbs being
cheaper than ever today they're cheaper
than ever right they the SBS do not want
200 recurring things on their personal
credit card but why do we I don't
understand this agents talk here because
would clarify is this like just features
that we're now calling agents or is it
platforms or I don't think that we'll
think of we have two agents like
researching social media on behalf of
our customers like you'll have a you buy
a product that does that for maybe it's
part of your existing stack well maybe
that's the question I'm asking you too I
think if I'm on if I'm on agk made up
yeah I'm there's 629 I'm gonna find I'm
gonna deploy a 100 of them I don't know
I just think it's such a weird it's a
weird way to talk about software and
features like I understand it's like
it's you're at the cutting a you're
supposed to tell us this is what's
happening the funny d
I got here by not listening to the bus
word was just like great product people
I'm just trying it just RS me out all
the stuff it's like it's features man
it's like it's an llm driven feature
that does something for you why are we
like trying to an theorize it to be like
an agent like I understand like it's
sell to the marketplace and it's like
it's cool and in some maybe I can
understand why I'm called an agent I
think majority of this is just weird I
think 5 years time like I think everyone
like why the did we spend 5 years
talking about algorithms s be like like
a coworker it's just like software the
dusting for us and sometimes maybe you
want to chat with it that's great that's
a new interface but I I really don't
understand this like obsessed with
agents and that said you know we're
probably launching an air agent strategy
soon because everybody likes to talk
about this stuff but nobody want to talk
about features so I get it from go to
marketed sales perspective but it
strikes me as well but it'll be part of
your platform you have thousands of
customers so don't that's like Weir
really no no I don't have the answers
I'm challenging it second half of 2020
to 202 and somehow we magically found
budget for all these new apps and the
pandemic did it right and if you saw and
the craziest one in my portfolio was
talk Des which is call
center and forget about how AI changed
in 2020 you couldn't go to the office
for the call center right so everyone in
their space in like they they grew five
EX in six months
because it changed the rules right the
it changed the rules and I think there
are some rule changing happening but I
don't think in 2026 it can double I just
think an agent counts as an app
potentially if it's a vendor let me put
it maybe I'm I'm rambling too much every
new vendor in the Enterprises cognitive
load a new vendor to put into the
procurement system to get approved to
track and every Enterprise knows that if
I bring in one it's not just one year
for synth Asia now I'm stuck for eight
years that's how Enterprises think they
don't think one year they're like okay
it's going to take me the first year I'm
learning the second year I'm rolling it
out more the third year I'm going to buy
more stuff and they always like we at
back at Adobe like when you put any
vendor in the system you doubled the
budget because you knew it was going to
grow with add-ons and seats and it was
and so how many of those can you add
each year even at Adobe size you just
run out of vendors you can and I don't
know if AI change if agents change that
rule they're GNA change a lot of other
rules and so I don't know who's gonna
pay for that I just don't know who's
gonna pay for the discreet vendors not
the agents themselves but so many
vendors so many vendors I do think there
like there are fundamentally new product
categories though I would put a want
like we never going to replace someone
or take budget from so we probably will
over time don't come from the training
budget or the LMS budget if you're for
an internal use case no we'll we'll
sometimes take some of the video
production budget that they'll go that
with agencies yeah and the key point is
that people not evaluting us against
should we switch out this thing with
some easier right is a n new fake it's
also why we're growing so fast I think
there are new product categories like
that and then there'll be a lot of these
agents or features or whatever that'll
exist better within the platforms people
already use and they'll be add-ons and
the modules I believe you that you're
not directly stealing someone's creaky
old budget but what I my limited
experience tells me behind the scenes
you're stealing someone else's budget
they're cancelling someone that they
don't quite need that was on the bubble
and they this is I don't think this has
changed since I worked at a Fortune 500
tech company you get together each year
this is why budget's annually and toas
you want to add that cool product what
are you gonna cut this is why so many
things got cut last maybe some of the
budget maybe some of the budget does not
come from sulfur right it com from like
Services based so far okay a lot of the
budget we e into is like video
production agencies right that do Sol
for our vendors or translation budgets
or like more service driven things and I
think especially we talk about agent
that's that'll probably be a lot of what
that can Le into so you may add another
software wend but maybe the budget
doesn't come other software platform but
it comes from like service that's a lot
of the Hope on X is that we can turn
humans into a software budget Mor a stud
in Q3 I think and they said % of the AI
budget was uh cannibalizing existing
software and 50% % was new 5050 that's
probably right they got the data yeah
and so I bet Victor is right like it's
but translation or other kinds of
services Consulting customization legal
like all that stuff like legal
Outsourcing that's where the software
budget's coming from it it's eating away
the labor cost yeah so that's so the
answer like a lot of these things is yes
is it's both uh we are and where're and
Tomas just maybe to wrap it up if so 50%
is cannibalization maybe Victor doesn't
see it but they're cutting videographer
they're cutting something else the 50%
that's net new budget where's like the
fort like the GDP is still somewhat
fixed in the United States what's it
growing 3% a year even under our new
regime yeah so for real where's the
money coming from to to bet where do
they get where does Morgan Stanley or
Theory ventur say where are we getting
this money and how long will it last I
think it's labor I'm seeing it in our
portfolio right like I look at R&D spend
and that like year-over-year R&D growth
compared to 10 years ago we have one
company growing really fast as
engineering headcount youw will be
flapped yeah because they deploy some AI
enabled ID and they can Rite a lot more
software and so instead of hiring
another say 10 softare engineers at 250
300K a year it's been milon and spend
they're starting to spend I don't know
$100,000 a year on AI software do you
think that's true from what Victor think
we can do more with fewer Engineers with
AI and the new world or is that a bit of
a bit of a
myth I think we can but I think I think
there'll be many different shapes of
companies I don't think there'll be one
type of company where you really want to
go for it I still think if you want to
build A1 billion doll company you're
going to need a lot of sales people
you're going to need a lot of Engineers
but I think there's no doubt that
productivity is going through the roof
it feels like we are seeing a lot of
these types of companies as as Thomas is
saying you can and also it feel like the
mindset has changed a little bit where
there's a l a reluctance to like hiring
more people and like just be more
efficient which I think is super
awesome but yeah I I think it's never
black and white right but I think that's
a definitely new type of company which I
think is super cool but if you want to
tackle the Enterprise like we are that's
still very difficult to do without
adding significant account yeah you
might even if we were on VC Twitter the
way to take you to the extreme is the
new vity metric is ARR per employee per
engineer is more interesting than AR per
employee I can tell you why it's more
interest per engineer per developer and
and that's like the sexiest metric I
think it's one of the coolest we're 10
people and we're generating 20 million
in re like those kinds of ratios have
seen yeah a decade ago and now people
are striving for and we hear from
Founders like we we only have this many
people we don't want to hire people
we're raising Capital but we're not
hiring that's unusual that's a very
different pitch do you think I'm making
this number up but I think it's about
right and Victor could probably for an
case study then we maybe we can break
that makes that's what I see too Mike
and listen the world's changing so
quickly today even the whole deepsea
thing it feels like everything's faster
than it was a week ago but it feels to
me there's still the issue around 200
300 employees where you still end up
needing 10 people to do everything and I
what I feel like this 10 people can get
to 10 million err thing it just shifts
the time like instead of me needing but
it's still at two at at 100 million at
50 million eror I need so many humans
and honestly so many mediocre humans you
start having to hire okay maybe that's
the wrong term you start off to hiring a
minus tier and B tier no matter even
though you can't say it out loud and it
just takes so people to do some of the
basic stuff and you need so many sales
people and so many mediocre renewals
people and I just see everything still
gumming up today at that size maybe if
AI gets rid of that roadblock that'd be
awesome but I wonder if it Just sh kicks
the can down the road a year or two yeah
it's like Salesforce hiring a thousand
sales people to sell their SDR sales
people right the agents I think there's
still lag like I think we'll I think
it'll be def be more efficient but I
still think that we're far from you be
able
to yeah this would you C like true
enterprise software I do think that's a
bit different
than than like what or like SB but you
don't need the hu touch but I still
feels difficult to close it'll be very
interesting if a company with 20 20
employees Whatever Gets to close like
million dollar deals with Enterprise I
they that would be like a really
interesting kind of Tipping Point but
for so far for most of the ones that
I've seen at least is still a lot of
sell service credit card kind of smaller
Sal because it's still just very
difficult managing a dual desk right you
just need people for that maybe let me
just let me ask one last version of this
to you toas and we could wrap and this
was great so when we start when you and
I started toas a lot of VCS would yell
at Founders and say you've got to
Offshore to save money you got
everything told that the magic solution
when we started maybe you two Victor the
magic solution with VCS was have 50 or
60% of your India offshore that would
magically cut your costs right magically
because developers are fungible they're
all the same so just hire a bunch of
folks in some country you've never
personally visited and that's my VC
solution is the new version today the
version of today is if you're good at AI
you only need 10 developers it almost
feels like it's the new version of
offshore is AI is the new offshore like
you you got you why do you need more
than 10 guys
know that's a great that's a great
that's tomorrow's blog post for you I
hope to I think like some people did
offshoring really well they h a great
country manager they really spent the
time to transfer the culture yeah the
cost efficiencies and then some people
basically just mailed it in and you got
what you paid for I think it's the same
with AI if you change your recruitment
processes and you look for people who
really understand how to prompt these
systems really well and think about
building with AI I think you can drive a
ton of efficiency I think if your CEO
has been told by VC's hey go employ uh
AI within your engineering team and you
buy a bunch of people some subscriptions
yeah cursor is the
answer it's not you have to change the
way that you work and change the way the
teams working that's really
hard I I also really still think that
what I see across no matter like what
task we're talking about where AI really
shines is still augmenting humans right
in the case of us we augment people to
make make videos cursor works so well
because it puts the human in the driving
seat and just makes you more efficient I
think this like pip dream of agent like
just doing things complet to Aon in my
view is still still a while away yeah
we'll see we can break my limited
experience is that an an stier agent is
better than a c-tier employ
this is what across the contact center
is you usually see that the agents are
like in the they can't do everything but
they're in the top 10% of cessat because
what they do they get done without
complaining and they don't argue but
they can't be below I think the whole
world's going to that agents will
replace the C tier like very quickly and
as and deep in the B tier as they
can and I don't know all right guys this
was great we ran out of time Victor so
great to have you back we'll see you in
London again and Tomas we'll see you at
the next one my friend thank you thanks
thanks guys